only today I'm going to teach you how to get 24
volts
a computer source from the list of
materials, a computer source and a
Powerful voice is great team that has a
thing that uses much the lieutenant
good one that is 10 15 20 volts
I will deny that in 2005 because today only
the weakness you feel is very high
own than this range
now I'll call in 24 months like I do
to win in 2014 I'll hit call you
a yellow powder
another blue polo gives because of this
Power is the doctor who likes to see the
championship is 24 years old on the ball
his own rock goal
the protocol has under the hood source
here we stand with one you see that
text in yellow is 12 voice more
thus giving means that the
pole
Rafael is the positive of 12 fines
the blue I can is negative pole of 12 volts
substitute of the ball that football in the
world for example
good comes the way you understand on the left
here is the 12 volt negative the false
prince little negative 12 volts which
zig -zag positive 12 volts but you go
give a lot 4 volts or with 124 others
But with this today I'm taking advantage of
24/11 of this bridge that I can stay
any position in relation to football
of the country is bigger
gilad 25 after the cup of 2014
I'm enjoying being told that I have
been able to make a rescue and even
next